wow wow guys
wow what I have please I demand the
Rosa hat we don't want you
bald a kiss Thank you very much friends,
remind you all to at least
leave the like when you enter when you
enter an excerpt when you enter
the live or whatever the [ __ ] hit the
like button okay it doesn't cost anything eh
subscribe it wouldn't be bad if you
subscribed six I don't think so eh I think
nothing happens because it leaves the
subscribe button I think
absolutely nothing happens and it's free So make
sure you press the
subscribe button because I'm going to show you
something I have my goodness Lali was
calm until Ricky with his
tik to challenge and the reference he made opened the
bf's door and Lali doesn't stop with the
innuendos towards her
ex-boyfriend the innuendo is quite strong she
tells me here on the earpiece do you want us to
see the innuendo directly or do
we see
first what happened the other day
for Ricky to open
Pandora's box what happened for
Ricky  open Pandora's box well I
mentioned that in this video Lali makes
fun of Ricky Eddie again okay let's
see it okay okay
This is what happened okay This
is what happened the other day I'll put you
in context a little and we'll see
today's hint while
I would say this is making fun
of Ricky Eddie directly after
having trampled on him after having
humiliated him and basically cheated on him
and having tried to do it more
times many of you will remember this train
horns or no horns giving each other a peak in a
game that another person gives him a strip
ti that he turns to another person for
emotional support when he's
super
that he congratulates his ex on his
birthday that you think about another person
while you're
doing it that he chats with a person he
met through a
dating app like
tinder and lastly that he deletes messages from
a conversation so that you don't
see them it's a tiktok that Ricky made with
Lali when they were together and to
this day it has aged very badly I am
in love and it
is a Ricky eddy  I imagine that
referring to this train that he did
with his ex he has done it again but
this time only what happens is that
with the first question his head
has short-circuited and
the whole train has been in a state of shock
horns or no horns that he sends
messages to another person on a
dating app like
tinder that he sleeps with a person of the
gender that brings him but without doing
anything
that he goes alone to his
ex's house that another person kisses him but oh well
anyway it stays like that okay short-circuited
And basically they are telling me
that he has opened Pandora's box and that
now Lali is going to
sack eye eh eye she comes with the
knife between her
teeth [ __ ] how cool is this
what the [ __ ] is it let's see let's see Damn I did
not expect it
Aha but you have up to now the
tattoo
damn
Ah I
took out my ex when he tells his version of
the
story
sack
boy
sack boy But the thing is that I think that
Lali should tell her side of the
story I sincerely believe that Lali should
talk I just don't understand Why doesn't she
talk No  I understand why he doesn't tell the
truth, to
you guys, to you guys,
an interview would start with
Ali, Flama would come in at this time, Flama would come in,
eh, also, eh, man, he accused
someone, good but not that much,
alanne, straight up, eh, she was quiet, she was already
calm, pun, and the other one has already sent
a hint and said, This is
mine because her part of the story was
broken by another man, of course, let's see, it's that
part, but it's that she was,
she was telling her
part of the story with Ricky Eddie, they recorded a video
together, now it's another thing, then the
other part, no, after that,
Ricky comes out washing his hands and
putting all the blame on her, no, and it's
like, well, let's see,
eh, there's not much of an escape from that, eh,
doing an interview with that girl is
giving her more importance than she has,
which is what she
wants, to be honest, that's not my
problem, I'm not a talent and what I
want here is gossip, oh, oh, oh,
oh, your ex-girlfriend is a
worthless, dirty, [ __ ] [ __ ] and  you a loser, you [ __ ] soda,
wake up and move forward, believe me, I know
what I'm talking about. Let's see, first of all,
Ricky, first of all, Ricky, first of all,
I know what I'm talking about. What you
're doing here is calling Lali a [ __ ],
returning
Ali's comment this afternoon, what
we saw before, okay, luares, if you can
cut this out and paste it to the
previous extract, confirm if you read me, okay. But anyway,
basically here, Ricky Edi has
slipped up. This twi will probably delete it
in a few hours, okay. Because this
girl we're talking about
is not a
[ __ ], she wasn't with him, she wasn't his girlfriend
and she told him the next day. I mean, she didn't
try to cheat on him, she didn't
try to continue the relationship by
hiding it, something happened and I can't
deny that it's not going to happen again now,
in a little while. I mean, don't
tell Ali because you've swallowed
Ali, it's something else, okay. But you've
gone too far, I mean, he's gone too far, he's gone too far, he's
gone too far,
I don't know.  I imagine he took
advantage of it to respond to Ali with
this there's more Javi follow the tweet Oh well they
only sent me the screenshot of
this Dallas sent him a message
laughing at him Congratulations men that they
replace you with os loock is without a doubt
the worst point your
life will ever be from here you can only get
better
honestly I'm from the girl's Team
guys well it's getting late already eh I do
n't know what other topics I had
pending there okay I already have the other one here he
says you're right you're not missing the guy says to him
and says I put it there with zero
intention of
offending you just so you
realize how stupid it was to
love and trust someone like that stay
strong and you'll see what happens everything that comes
now that You've lived through that [ __ ] [ __ ]
well This is an excuse
Eh This is an excuse that Ricky has
taken to hit Lali
both in the first tweet and in the
second like he's saying that he's
lived through that no Ricky you haven't You've lived through that Ricky
you haven't You've lived through that
Ricky you  no You have lived that Ricky this
girl was not his girlfriend she was not with him and
he was [ __ ] with her okay In any
case you have been able to behave a
little like him but you have been worse
because you have caught I mean she did not
come to you the next day and told you
Ricky very different very different from you
she did not come the next day and
told you not the next day even the
same day she tells it okay she hides it from you
and is while she continues with you
trying to meet up with the guy again
okay And even so you
registering it was when you found
the whole mess I mean you even read
messages from both of them and even so you who
are worse than that guy you have taken it and you
marked a series with a teaser and a
trailer you took her running to
Andorra because the D had made a video
to defend her and say that she was an I
mean you accused the other of being a
rapist you accused the other of being a
rapist damn are you going to compare yourself yours is
not the same but come on no way In
what is the same in that it is a girl
leaving another man because she likes someone else
or  It's not the same thing, it's not the
same thing, he cheated on you but he continued
cheating on you, he continued with the lie until
the end
and then you defended her, accusing the
other of being a rapist and Tudor of being an
abuser, saying that there was evidence,
my goodness, the evidence there was
against Tudor.